Mr. Dursley was the director of a firm called Grunnings, which made drills.
He was a big, beefy man with hardly any neck, although he did have a very large mustache.
The Dursleys had a small son called Dudley and in their opinion there was no finer boy anywhere.
The Dursleys shuddered to think what the neighbors would say if the Potters arrived in the street.
The Dursleys knew that the Potters had a small son, too, but they had never even seen him.
As Mr. Dursley drove around the corner and up the road, he watched the cat in his mirror.
Mr. Dursley gave himself a little shake and put the cat out of his mind.
But on the edge of town, drills were driven out of his mind by something else.
Mr. Dursley always sat with his back to the window in his office on the ninth floor.
He made several important telephone calls and shouted a bit more.
He put the receiver back down and stroked his mustache, thinking...
He was sure there were lots of people called Potter who had a son called Harry.
There was no point in worrying Mrs. Dursley; she always got so upset at any mention of her sister.
It was a few seconds before Mr. Dursley realized that the man was wearing a violet cloak.
He was sure it was the same one; it had the same markings around its eyes.
It was staring down Privet Drive as though it were waiting for something.
Mrs. Dursley fell asleep quickly but Mr. Dursley lay awake, turning it all over in his mind.
The Potters knew very well what he and Petunia thought about them and their kind....
He was wearing long robes, a purple cloak that swept the ground, and high-heeled, buckled boots.
Dumbledore, however, was choosing another lemon drop and did not answer.
Dumbledore gave a great sniff as he took a golden watch from his pocket and examined it.
It had twelve hands but no numbers; instead, little planets were moving around the edge.
If the motorcycle was huge, it was nothing to the man sitting astride it.
He was almost twice as tall as a normal man and at least five times as wide.
I have one myself above my left knee that is a perfect map of the London Underground.
He could just see the bundle of blankets on the step of number four.
He turned on his heel and with a swish of his cloak, he was gone.
Only the photographs on the mantelpiece really showed how much time had passed.
The room held no sign at all that another boy lived in the house, too.
Yet Harry Potter was still there, asleep at the moment, but not for long.
His Aunt Petunia was awake and it was her shrill voice that made the first noise of the day.
He rolled onto his back and tried to remember the dream he had been having.
He found a pair under his bed and, after pulling a spider off one of them, put them on.
Harry had a thin face, knobbly knees, black hair, and bright green eyes.
Uncle Vernon entered the kitchen as Harry was turning over the bacon.
Harry was frying eggs by the time Dudley arrived in the kitchen with his mother.
Every year, Harry was left behind with Mrs. Figg, a mad old lady who lived two streets away.
It was a very sunny Saturday and the zoo was crowded with families.
Harry felt, afterward, that he should have known it was all too good to last.
It was cool and dark in there, with lit windows all along the walls.
Dudley and Piers wanted to see huge, poisonous cobras and thick, man-crushing pythons.
Dudley stood with his nose pressed against the glass, staring at the glistening brown coils.
Uncle Vernon rapped the glass smartly with his knuckles, but the snake just snoozed on.
Harry moved in front of the tank and looked intently at the snake.
The snake jerked its head toward Uncle Vernon and Dudley, then raised its eyes to the ceiling.
The great snake was uncoiling itself rapidly, slithering out onto the floor.
People throughout the reptile house screamed and started running for the exits.
Harry lay in his dark cupboard much later, wishing he had a watch.
His aunt and uncle never spoke about them, and of course he was forbidden to ask questions.
Yet sometimes he thought (or maybe hoped) that strangers in the street seemed to know him.
A wild-looking old woman dressed all in green had waved merrily at him once on a bus.
Harry, on the other hand, was going to Stonewall High, the local public school.
That evening, Dudley paraded around the living room for the family in his brand-new uniform.
He thought two of his ribs might already have cracked from trying not to laugh.
There was a horrible smell in the kitchen the next morning when Harry went in for breakfast.
The tub was full of what looked like dirty rags swimming in gray water.
Her lips tightened as they always did if he dared to ask a question.
They heard the click of the mail slot and flop of letters on the doormat.
Harry picked it up and stared at it, his heart twanging like a giant elastic band.
Yet here it was, a letter, addressed so plainly there could be no mistake: Mr. H.
Uncle Vernon ripped open the bill, snorted in disgust, and flipped over the postcard.
His face went from red to green faster than a set of traffic lights.
Dudley tried to grab the letter to read it, but Uncle Vernon held it high out of his reach.
He gave his father a sharp tap on the head with his Smelting stick.
He took a few deep breaths and then forced his face into a smile, which looked quite painful.
It only took Harry one trip upstairs to move everything he owned from the cupboard to this room.
They heard him banging things with his Smelting stick all the way down the hall.
He shouted at Harry for about half an hour and then told him to go and make a cup of tea.
Next moment, thirty or forty letters came pelting out of the fireplace like bullets.
The Dursleys ducked, but Harry leapt into the air trying to catch one.
They could hear the letters still streaming into the room, bouncing off the walls and floor.
Uncle Vernon stopped at last outside a gloomy-looking hotel on the outskirts of a big city.
Dudley and Harry shared a room with twin beds and damp, musty sheets.
They ate stale cornflakes and cold tinned tomatoes on toast for breakfast the next day.
They had just finished when the owner of the hotel came over to their table.
Uncle Vernon had parked at the coast, locked them all inside the car, and disappeared.
Uncle Vernon was pointing at what looked like a large rock way out at sea.
Perched on top of the rock was the most miserable little shack you could imagine.
Icy sea spray and rain crept down their necks and a chilly wind whipped their faces.
He tried to start a fire but the empty chip bags just smoked and shriveled up.
Obviously he thought nobody stood a chance of reaching them here in a storm to deliver mail.
He shivered and turned over, trying to get comfortable, his stomach rumbling with hunger.
The whole shack shivered and Harry sat bolt upright, staring at the door.
There was a crash behind them and Uncle Vernon came skidding into the room.
The giant squeezed his way into the hut, stooping so that his head just brushed the ceiling.
He bent down, picked up the door, and fitted it easily back into its frame.
Uncle Vernon made another funny noise, like a mouse being trodden on.
Inside was a large, sticky chocolate cake with Happy Birthday Harry written on it in green icing.
Soon the hut was full of the sound and smell of sizzling sausage.
Please find enclosed a list of all necessary books and equipment.
Then he came back and sat down as though this was as normal as talking on the telephone.
Harry jumped; he had almost forgotten that the Dursleys were there.
Harry looked back at Hagrid, smiling, and saw that Hagrid was positively beaming at him.
Although he could tell it was daylight, he kept his eyes shut tight.
Harry scrambled to his feet, so happy he felt as though a large balloon was swelling inside him.
And then yeh gotta find yer way -- Gringotts is hundreds of miles under London, see.
Hagrid folded up his newspaper, and they clambered up the stone steps onto the street.
Passersby stared a lot at Hagrid as they walked through the little town to the station.
Hagrid took up two seats and sat knitting what looked like a canary-yellow circus tent.
Hagrid was so huge that he parted the crowd easily; all Harry had to do was keep close behind him.
Could there really be piles of wizard gold buried miles beneath them?
Might this not all be some huge joke that the Dursleys had cooked up?
In fact, Harry had the most peculiar feeling that only he and Hagrid could see it.
A few old women were sitting in a corner, drinking tiny glasses of sherry.
The old woman with the pipe was puffing on it without realizing it had gone out.
Hagrid, meanwhile, was counting bricks in the wall above the trash can.
Harry looked quickly over his shoulder and saw the archway shrink instantly back into solid wall.
The sun shone brightly on a stack of cauldrons outside the nearest shop.
They had reached a snowy white building that towered over the other little shops.
He had a swarthy, clever face, a pointed beard and, Harry noticed, very long fingers and feet.
A pair of goblins bowed them through the silver doors and they were in a vast marble hall.
Harry watched the goblin on their right weighing a pile of rubies as big as glowing coals.
It sloped steeply downward and there were little railway tracks on the floor.
Griphook whistled and a small cart came hurtling up the tracks toward them.
A lot of green smoke came billowing out, and as it cleared, Harry gasped.
And all the time there had been a small fortune belonging to him, buried deep under London.
The air became colder and colder as they hurtled round tight corners.
He stroked the door gently with one of his long fingers and it simply melted away.
Then he noticed a grubby little package wrapped up in brown paper lying on the floor.
One wild cart ride later they stood blinking in the sunlight outside Gringotts.
Some of them have never even heard of Hogwarts until they get the letter, imagine.
Harry cheered up a bit when he found a bottle of ink that changed color as you wrote.
You saw what everyone in the Leaky Cauldron was like when they saw yeh.
Even Dudley, who never read anything, would have been wild to get his hands on some of these.
Peeling gold letters over the door read Ollivanders: Makers of Fine Wands since 382 B.C.
A tinkling bell rang somewhere in the depths of the shop as they stepped inside.
It was a tiny place, empty except for a single, spindly chair that Hagrid sat on to wait.
The very dust and silence in here seemed to tingle with some secret magic.
It seems only yesterday she was in here herself, buying her first wand.
Harry noticed he gripped his pink umbrella very tightly as he spoke.
We use unicorn hairs, phoenix tail feathers, and the heartstrings of dragons.
He paid seven gold Galleons for his wand, and Mr. Ollivander bowed them from his shop.
He bought Harry a hamburger and they sat down on plastic seats to eat them.
Half terrified, half furious, they acted as though any chair with Harry in it were empty.
Although this was an improvement in many ways, it did become a bit depressing after a while.
He had decided to call her Hedwig, a name he had found in A History of Magic.
He cleared his throat to let them know he was there, and Dudley screamed and ran from the room.
He was starting to attract a lot of funny looks, because of Hedwig.
The speaker was a plump woman who was talking to four boys, all with flaming red hair.
They stopped and so did he, just near enough to hear what they were saying.
He was tall, thin, and gangling, with freckles, big hands and feet, and a long nose.
A scarlet steam engine was waiting next to a platform packed with people.
Harry pushed his cart off down the platform in search of an empty seat.
Harry pressed on through the crowd until he found an empty compartment near the end of the train.
He put Hedwig inside first and then started to shove and heave his trunk toward the train door.
Harry watched the girl and her mother disappear as the train rounded the corner.
The door of the compartment slid open and the youngest redheaded boy came in.
Bill and Charlie have already left -- Bill was head boy and Charlie was captain of Quidditch.
They were quiet for a time, watching the fields and lanes flick past.
Ron stared as Harry brought it all back in to the compartment and tipped it onto an empty seat.
It was chipped in places and something white was glinting at the end.
She had a bossy sort of voice, lots of bushy brown hair, and rather large front teeth.
He was starting to get a prickle of fear every time You- Know-Who was mentioned.
Standing on either side of the pale boy, they looked like bodyguards.
He and Ron took off their jackets and pulled on their long black robes.
People pushed their way toward the door and out on to a tiny, dark platform.
It was so dark on either side of them that Harry thought there must be thick trees there.
Neville, the boy who kept losing his toad, sniffed once or twice.
Harry and Ron were followed into their boat by Neville and Hermione.
It towered over them as they sailed nearer and nearer to the cliff on which it stood.
They walked up a flight of stone steps and crowded around the huge, Oak front door.
Each house has its own noble history and each has produced outstanding witches and wizards.
At the end of the year, the house with the most points is awarded the house cup, a great honor.
I hope each of you will be a credit to whichever house becomes yours.
He looked around anxiously and saw that everyone else looked terrified, too.
Any second now, Professor McGonagall would come back and lead him to his doom.
At the top of the hall was another long table where the teachers were sitting.
The hundreds of faces staring at them looked like pale lanterns in the flickering candlelight.
Dotted here and there among the students, the ghosts shone misty silver.
It bowed to each of the four tables and then became quite still again.
Professor McGonagall now stepped forward holding a long roll of parchment.
The table on the right cheered and clapped as Hannah went to sit down at the Hufflepuff table.
He remembered being picked for teams during gym at his old school.
He took off the hat and walked shakily toward the Gryffindor table.
At the end nearest him sat Hagrid, who caught his eye and gave him the thumbs up.
And there, in the center of the High Table, in a large gold chair, sat Albus Dumbledore.
Harry spotted Professor Quirtell, too, the nervous young man from the Leaky Cauldron.
Professor McGonagall rolled up her scroll and took the Sorting Hat away.
Dudley had always taken anything that Harry really wanted, even if It made him sick.
Harry piled his plate with a bit of everything except the peppermints and began to eat.
His whole head swung off his neck and fell onto his shoulder as if it was on a hinge.
Someone had obviously tried to behead him, but not done it properly.
Harry, who was starting to feel warm and sleepy, looked up at the High Table again.
At last, the desserts too disappeared, and Professor Dumbledore got to his feet again.
Anyone interested in playing for their house teams should contact Madam Hooch.
At last, only the Weasley twins were left singing along to a very slow funeral march.
They heard him zooming away, rattling coats of armor as he passed.
Percy directed the girls through one door to their dormitory and the boys through another.
Too tired to talk much, they pulled on their pajamas and fell into bed.
Perhaps Harry had eaten a bit too much, because he had a very strange dream.
It was also very hard to remember where anything was, because it all seemed to move around a lot.
Harry and Ron managed to get on the wrong side of him on their very first morning.
And then, once you had managed to find them, there were the classes themselves.
Easily the most boring class was History of Magic, which was the only one taught by a ghost.
Strict and clever, she gave them a talking-to the moment they sat down in her first class.
At the start-of-term banquet, Harry had gotten the idea that Professor Snape disliked him.
He tried not to look at Malfoy, Crabbe, and Goyle, who were shaking with laughter.
A bezoar is a stone taken from the stomach of a goat and it will save you from most poisons.
As for monkshood and wolfsbane, they are the same plant, which also goes by the name of aconite.
Snape put them all into pairs and set them to mixing up a simple potion to cure boils.
Then he rounded on Harry and Ron, who had been working next to Neville.
Hagrid lived in a small wooden house on the edge of the forbidden forest.
When Harry knocked they heard a frantic scrabbling from inside and several booming barks.
Hagrid, like Ron, told Harry not to worry about it, that Snape liked hardly any of the students.
The vault that was searched had in fact been emptied the same day.
The vault that was searched had in fact been emptied earlier that same day.
Ron had already had a big argument with Dean Thomas, who shared their dormitory, about soccer.
Hermione Granger was almost as nervous about flying as Neville was.
No sooner were they out of earshot than Malfoy burst into laughter.
Harry saw, as though in slow motion, the ball rise up in the air and then start to fall.
Professor McGonagall was sweeping along without even looking at him; he had to jog to keep up.
She wrenched open doors and marched along corridors with Harry trotting miserably behind her.
He thought of Hagrid, expelled but allowed to stay on as gamekeeper.
Peeves threw the chalk into a bin, which clanged loudly, and he swooped out cursing.
Professor McGonagall slammed the door behind him and turned to face the two boys.
He pushed open the portrait of the Fat Lady and climbed through the hole.
She followed Ron through the portrait hole, hissing at them like an angry goose.
The Fat Lady had gone on a nighttime visit and Hermione was locked out of Gryffindor tower.
He was curled up on the floor, fast asleep, but jerked suddenly awake as they crept nearer.
They flitted along corridors striped with bars of moonlight from the high windows.
At every turn Harry expected to run into Filch or Mrs. Norris, but they were lucky.
They sped up a staircase to the third floor and tiptoed toward the trophy room.
Cups, shields, plates, and statues winked silver and gold in the darkness.
They edged along the walls, keeping their eyes on the doors at either end of the room.
Harry took out his wand in case Malfoy leapt in and started at once.
They scrambled into the common room and collapsed, trembling, into armchairs.
But Hermione had given Harry something else to think about as he climbed back into bed.
They had hardly fluttered out of the way when another owl dropped a letter on top of the parcel.
Professor McGonagall Harry had difficulty hiding his glee as he handed the note to Ron to read.
Harry had a lot of trouble keeping his mind on his lessons that day.
Even Harry, who knew nothing about the different brooms, thought it looked wonderful.
At either end of the field were three golden poles with hoops on the end.
What a feeling -- he swooped in and out of the goal posts and then sped up and down the field.
The Nimbus Two Thousand turned wherever he wanted at his lightest touch.
Harry noticed that they seemed to be straining to escape the straps holding them inside the box.
Compared with the Quaffle and the Bludgers, it was tiny, about the size of a large walnut.
He understood what he had to do all right, it was doing it that was going to be the problem.
His lessons, too, were becoming more and more interesting now that they had mastered the basics.
It was hard to tell whether Ron or Hermione was angrier about this.
Harry caught a glimpse of her face -- and was startled to see that she was in tears.
The feast appeared suddenly on the golden plates, as it had at the start-of-term banquet.
They had just turned the corner when they heard quick footsteps behind them.
And then they heard it -- a low grunting, and the shuffling footfalls of gigantic feet.
Ron pointed -- at the end of a passage to the left, something huge was moving toward them.
They shrank into the shadows and watched as it emerged into a patch of moonlight.
It was holding a huge wooden club, which dragged along the floor because its arms were so long.
It waggled its long ears, making up its tiny mind, then slouched slowly into the room.
With one great leap, Harry managed to grab the key, slam the door, and lock it.
It was the last thing they wanted to do, but what choice did they have?
Wheeling around, they sprinted back to the door and turned the key, fumbling in their panic.
Hermione Granger was shrinking against the wall opposite, looking as if she was about to faint.
The troll was advancing on her, knocking the sinks off the walls as it went.
It lumbered around, blinking stupidly, to see what had made the noise.
It hesitated, then made for him instead, lifting its club as it went.
The shouting and the echoes seemed to be driving the troll berserk.
It roared again and started toward Ron, who was nearest and had no way to escape.
Ron was standing there with his wand still raised, staring at what he had done.
A sudden slamming and loud footsteps made the three of them look up.
Harry looked at Ron, who was still standing with his wand in the air.
Harry stuck his wand up its nose and Ron knocked it out with its own club.
It was a relief to be away from the smell of the troll, quite apart from anything else.
The mountains around the school became icy gray and the lake like chilled steel.
If Gryffindor won, they would move up into second place in the house championship.
She had also tent him Quidditch Through the Ages, which turned out to be a very interesting read.
They were standing with their backs to it, getting warm, when Snape crossed the yard.
He wanted Quidditch Through the Ages back, to take his mind off his nerves about tomorrow.
Getting up, he told Ron and Hermione he was going to ask Snape if he could have it.
He pushed the door ajar and peered inside -- and a horrible scene met his eyes.
Ron and Hermione joined Neville, Seamus, and Dean the West Ham fan up in the top row.
As a surprise for Harry, they had painted a large banner on one of the sheets Scabbers had ruined.
Then Hermione had performed a tricky little charm so that the paint flashed different colors.
She stood in the middle of the field waiting for the two teams, her broom in her hand.
Way up above them, Harry was gliding over the game, squinting about for some sign of the Snitch.
In a great rush of excitement he dived downward after the streak of gold.
Madam Hooch spoke angrily to Flint and then ordered a free shot at the goal posts for Gryffindor.
But in all the confusion, of course, the Golden Snitch had disappeared from sight again.
But Nimbus Two Thousands did not suddenly decide to buck their riders off.
It was carrying- him slowly higher, away from the game, jerking and twitching as it went.
His broom had started to roll over and over, with him only just managing to hold on.
He had his eyes fixed on Harry and was muttering nonstop under his breath.
His broom was vibrating so hard, it was almost impossible for him to hang on much longer.
They dropped lower and circled beneath him, obviously hoping to catch him if he fell.
Marcus Flint seized the Quaffle and scored five times without anyone noticing.
Reaching Snape, she crouched down, pulled out her wand, and whispered a few, well- chosen words.
It took perhaps thirty seconds for Snape to realize that he was on fire.
Up in the air, Harry was suddenly able to clamber back on to his broom.
One morning in mid-December, Hogwarts woke to find itself covered in several feet of snow.
Harry, who was measuring out powdered spine of lionfish, ignored them.
Malfoy had been even more unpleasant than usual since the Quidditch match.
So Malfoy, jealous and angry, had gone back to taunting Harry about having no proper family.
What they really needed was a nice long search without Madam Pince breathing down their necks.
Five minutes later, Ron and Hermione joined him, shaking their heads.
Ron knew them so well he never had trouble getting them to do what he wanted.
It was wrapped in thick brown paper and scrawled across it was To Harry, from Hagrid.
His next present also contained candy -- a large box of Chocolate Frogs from Hermione.
Something fluid and silvery gray went slithering to the floor where it lay in gleaming folds.
He pulled the cloak over his head and his reflection vanished completely.
Percy nearly broke his teeth on a silver sickle embedded in his slice.
Harry and the Weasleys spent a happy afternoon having a furious snowball fight on the grounds.
Harry leaned over the side of his own bed and pulled the cloak out from under it.
He let the material flow over his hands, smoother than silk, light as air.
Excitement flooded through him as he stood there in the dark and silence.
He could go anywhere in this, anywhere, and Filch would never know.
He set off, drawing the invisibility cloak tight around him as he walked.
A piercing, bloodcurdling shriek split the silence -- the book was screaming!
Harry snapped it shut, but the shriek went on and on, one high, unbroken, earsplitting note.
He stumbled backward and knocked over his lamp, which went out at once.
There was a suit of armor near the kitchens, he knew, but he must be five floors above there.
It was a few seconds before he noticed anything about the room he had hidden in.
There was an inscription carved around the top: Erised stra ehru oyt ube cafru oyt on wohsi.
He had to clap his hands to his mouth to stop himself from screaming.
A woman standing right behind his reflection was smiling at him and waving.
The tall, thin, black-haired man standing next to her put his arm around her.
Harry was so close to the mirror now that his nose was nearly touching that of his reflection.
He had a powerful kind of ache inside him, half joy, half terrible sadness.
With Ron covered in the cloak, too, they had to walk much more slowly the next night.
Harry dropped the cloak from around his shoulders and ran to the mirror.
Ron tore his eyes away from this splendid sight to look excitedly at Harry.
Ron and Harry stood quite still, both thinking the same thing -- did the cloak work on cats?
There was nothing to stop him from staying here all night with his family.
Sitting on one of the desks by the wall was none other than Albus Dumbledore.
You, who have never known your family, see them standing around you.
It does not do to dwell on dreams and forget to live, remember that.
But then, he thought, as he shoved Scabbers off his pillow, it had been quite a personal question.
Hermione, who came back the day before term started, took a different view of things.
Harry had even less time than the other two, because Quidditch practice had started again.
He must have had to bunny hop all the way up to Gryffindor tower.
Everyone fell over laughing except Hermione, who leapt up and performed the countercurse.
It also produces the Elixir of Life, which will make the drinker immortal.
At times, he even wondered whether Snape was following him, trying to catch him on his own.
Potions lessons were turning into a sort of weekly torture, Snape was so horrible to Harry.
Little did Harry know that Ron and Hermione had been secretly practicing the Leg-Locker Curse.
There was simply no way that Snape would dare to try to hurt him if Dumbledore was watching.
Before Malfoy knew what was happening, Ron was on top of him, wrestling him to the ground.
Neville hesitated, then clambered over the back of his seat to help.
Clearly not wanting to be seen, it walked as fast as possible toward the forbidden forest.
Snape, sneaking into the forest while everyone else was at dinner -- what was going on?
Gliding silently over the castle he saw Snape enter the forest at a run.
He flew in circles, lower and lower, brushing the top branches of trees until he heard voices.
He glided toward them and landed noiselessly in a towering beech tree.
She had started drawing up study schedules and colorcoding all her notes.
You realize we need to pass these exams to get into the second year?
The sky was a clear, forget-me-not blue, and there was a feeling in the air of summer coming.
He came back a minute later with a pile of books in his arms and slammed them down on the table.
Even though it was such a warm day, there was a blazing fire in the grate.
Hagrid made them tea and offered them stoat sandwiches, which they refused.
In the very heart of the fire, underneath the kettle, was a huge, black egg.
Hermione had now started making study schedules for Harry and Ron, too.
Then, one breakfast time, Hedwig brought Harry another note from Hagrid.
Malfoy was only a few feet away and he had stopped dead to listen.
Something was moving inside; a funny clicking noise was coming from it.
They all drew their chairs up to the table and watched with bated breath.
There were empty brandy bottles and chicken feathers all over the floor.
The clock on the wall had just chimed midnight when the portrait hole burst open.
Could you get the Ridgeback up the tallest tower at midnight on Saturday?
Madam Pomfrey came over at that moment and made them leave, saying Ron needed sleep.
Then a sudden movement ahead of them made them almost drop the crate.
Professor McGonagall, in a tartan bathrobe and a hair net, had Malfoy by the ear.
Chuckling about Malfoy, they waited, Norbert thrashing about in his crate.
About ten minutes later, four broomsticks came swooping down out of the darkness.
No more dragon -- Malfoy in detention -- what could spoil their happiness?
Add Norbert and the invisibility cloak, and they might as well be packing their bags already.
She looked more likely to breathe fire than Norbert as she towered over the three of them.
As for you, Mr. Potter, I thought Gryffindor meant more to you than this.
He could hear Neville sobbing into his pillow for what seemed like hours.
How could they suddenly have a hundred and fifty points fewer than yesterday?
He felt so ashamed of himself that he went to Wood and offered to resign from the Quidditch team.
Next second, Quirrell came hurrying out of the classroom straightening his turban.
Harry went back to the library, where Hermione was testing Ron on Astronomy.
Harry had also forgotten that Malfoy had gotten a detention, too.
The moon was bright, but clouds scudding across it kept throwing them into darkness.
He was carrying his large crossbow, and a quiver of arrows hung over his shoulder.
Harry could hear running water; there must be a stream somewhere close by.
There were still spots of unicorn blood here and there along the winding path.
He pulled out an arrow and fitted it into his crossbow, raising it, ready to fire.
Hagrid was squinting up the dark path, but after a few seconds, the sound faded away.
Malfoy, it seemed, had sneaked up behind Neville and grabbed him as a joke.
Harry could see a clearing ahead, through the tangled branches of an ancient oak.
Harry had taken one step toward it when a slithering sound made him freeze where he stood.
There was suddenly a sound of more galloping from the other side of the clearing.
Ronan and Bane came bursting through the trees, their flanks heaving and sweaty.
Ron had fallen asleep in the dark common room, waiting for them to return.
He shouted something about Quidditch fouls when Harry roughly shook him awake.
When Harry pulled back his sheets, he found his invisibility cloak folded neatly underneath them.
It was sweltering hot, especially in the large classroom where they did their written papers.
Nobody bothered them; none of the Gryffindors had anything to say to Harry any more, after all.
He putted out the cloak and then his eyes fell on the flute Hagrid had given him for Christmas.
His whole body rigid, he swayed where he stood and then fell flat on his face, stiff as a board.
At the foot of the first set of stairs, they spotted Mrs. Norris skulking near the top.
Peeves was bobbing halfway up, loosening the carpet so that people would trip.
He caught himself in time and hovered about a foot off the stairs.
He bent and pulled the ring of the trapdoor, which swung up and open.
He lowered himself through the hole until he was hanging on by his fingertips.
Cold, damp air rushed past him as he fell down, down, down and -- FLUMP.
There was a loud bark from the dog, but Hermione had already jumped.
Hermione had managed to free herself before the plant got a firm grip on her.
Wriggling and flailing, it unraveled itself from their bodies, and they were able to pull free.
If they met a dragon, a fully-grown dragon -- Norbert had been bad enough...
It was full of small, jewel-bright birds, fluttering and tumbling all around the room.
He expected to feel sharp beaks and claws tearing at him any second, but nothing happened.
Not for nothing, though, was Harry the youngest Seeker in a century.
They landed quickly, and Harry ran to the door, the key struggling in his hand.
But as they stepped into it, light suddenly flooded the room to reveal an astonishing sight.
Harry, Ron and Hermione shivered slightly -- the towering white chessmen had no faces.
The horse pawed the ground and the knight turned his helmeted head to look down at Ron.
Soon there was a huddle of limp black players slumped along the wall.
Twice, Ron only just noticed in time that Harry and Hermione were in danger.
At the same instant, black flames shot up in the doorway leading onward.
Then she walked up and down the line of bottles, muttering to herself and pointing at them.
She took a long drink from the round bottle at the end, and shuddered.
Ropes sprang out of thin air and wrapped themselves tightly around Harry.
It was only then that Harry realized what was standing behind Quirrell.
He had to keep Quirrell from giving his whole attention to the mirror.
A foolish young man I was then, full of ridiculous ideas about good and evil.
There is no good and evil, there is only power, and those too weak to seek it....
Since then, I have served him faithfully, although I have let him down many times.
When I failed to steal the stone from Gringotts, he was most displeased.
Harry was remembering his trip to Diagon Alley -how could he have been so stupid?
He closed his eyes, stepped in front of the mirror, and opened them again.
It put its hand into its pocket and pulled out a blood-red stone.
Petrified, he watched as Quirrell reached up and began to unwrap his turban.
It was chalk white with glaring red eyes and slits for nostrils, like a snake.
Quirrell was walking backward at him, so that Voldemort could still see him.
Harry jumped to his feet, caught Quirrell by the arm, and hung on as tight as he could.
I arrived in time to prevent that, although you were doing very well on your own, I must say.
After all, to the well-organized mind, death is but the next great adventure.
He is still out there somewhere, perhaps looking for another body to share...
He left Quirrell to die; he shows just as little mercy to his followers as his enemies.
Voldemort said that he only killed my mother because she tried to stop him from killing me.
Harry told them everything: Quirrell; the mirror; the Stone; and Voldemort.
I think he knows more or less everything that goes on here, you know.
As usual when he was indoors, Hagrid looked too big to be allowed.
He sat down next to Harry, took one look at him, and burst into tears.
Smiling and waving at him from every page were his mother and father.
Harry made his way down to the end-of-year feast alone that night.
A huge banner showing the Slytherin serpent covered the wall behind the High Table.
When Harry walked in there was a sudden hush, and then everybody started talking loudly at once.
Gryffindors up and down the table were beside themselves -- they were a hundred points up.
They had tied for the house cup -- if only Dumbledore had given Harry just one more point.
Harry had almost forgotten that the exam results were still to come, but come they did.
Even Neville scraped through, his good Herbology mark making up for his abysmal Potions one.
Behind him stood Aunt Petunia and Dudley, looking terrified at the very sight of Harry.
